c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\Curso.dll
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\Curso.pdb
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.GreetPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.dll
c:\users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.pdb
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.Listas.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.WelcomePage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.IntroductionPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.ContactDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.ContactsPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.Forms.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.MainData.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\obj\Debug\Curso.MainSQL.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.pdb
C:\Users\rafak\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Curso\Curso\Curso\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
